hey what's up YouTube's lego man I'm
coming at you with a little mock I put
together I was just recently on ebay
kind of looking at some of the older
Lego vehicles and i ran across the older
boat transport some of y'all might have
this set on things that old i'll put a
picture of her here on the screen but I
kind of like that set but obviously
since its retired it's a going for
premium on ebay and I didn't want to
spend that much money for it so I
thought I could kind of make something
myself and I had this boat from the Iron
Man set and I thought that was about the
perfect size for what I wanted in a boat
transport so I kind of put this together
show it to you here and basically what I
did was I had to send me home i know i
came across one of these tanker trucks
for thirteen dollars so i had that and
already got one of those here but i
thought i could use some of those pieces
it this one comes with make my own boat
transport so that's what i did i kind of
went with the yellow color that the boat
re had and kind of tried to incorporate
that in my truck and trailer kind of
change up some pieces here i've got
these little tile pieces there's I think
this number one and I think that's just
an l but and it have another number one
obviously I put yellow wheels on here
and this the Sun hooks and then I have a
little kickstand you can bring out here
so we'll stand up on its own it's not
perfect but it's something that show you
the truck this basically kind of built
it up like the tanker truck but use a
lot of yellow and different places and
obviously this is a lot different and
the blowing this all area here is a
little different and kind of let's put a
chain there to give some detail and
shorten the wheelbase and made it
be like a true semi with the dual axles
back there here's a little comparison to
the one we just recently got with the
race car transporter truck I really like
this trying to like the way they did the
colors but I don't know why they didn't
give it dual axles in the back like a
real semi would have so pretty happy
with that let's take a look at the
trailer this is pretty basic I did you
just see here if I can get this off I
did utilize this pulley system that came
with that set the tanker truck so you
know when you pull the boat up on the
ramp then you got to crank it up the
rest of the way so i got the pulley
there and just kind of did 26 wide
plates and then I did a wide in the back
here so that I could tuck those wheels
up underneath there like a real semi
truck would have I got these wide lights
for like a wide load coming through got
some lights on the bottom on the sides I
just kind of use some of these round if
you can see that round plate pieces does
this hook right onto that piece right
there works pretty good sorry about that
cut there but anyways the boat really
fits on there really good it just sits
in there just perfectly and as you can
see and then you just put that right on
that line them up there and it rolls
really well it doesn't bind and I had
these wheels that came in with those
starter kits with wheels and tires and I
think that looks really good it makes it
look like a double tires back there like
you'd see on the semi but yeah I just
wanted to share that with you you guys
let me know what you think me personally
I like this even better than the one
that Lego made this the color scheme and
everything but I appreciate all the subs
in the comments and as always thanks for
watching